Question: what does mysteryvibe do?
Answer: mysteryvibe is an award-winning world leader in medical devices for sexual health. we create clinically proven, fda class-2 devices that deliver precise medical frequency vibrations to address various sexual dysfunctions like genito-pelvic pain, penetration pain, arousal disorder, erectile dysfunction & prostate health.childbirth, menopause, diabetes, heart disease, cancer - all these life-events impact our sexual health. 50% men suffer from ed; 86% women suffer from genito-pain.we solve these through vibratory stimulation in a non-invasive way without side effects. our patented technology of malleable electronics adapts to the body and deliver targeted vibrations that increase blood flow to the affected areas & changes the message carried by the nerves. our devices have changed the lives of 100k patients, won 30 international awards, 35 patents & design registrations and published 3 papers in the journal of sexual medicine. they are recommended by mayo clinic, cedar-sinai, nhs, charité & others.

Question: what makes mysteryvibe unique?
Answer: mysteryvibe is an award-winning world leader in medical devices for sexual health. launched in 2014, we create clinically proven, fda class 2 devices that deliver precise medical frequency vibrations to address various sexual health issues. these include genito-pelvic pain, penetration pain, arousal disorder, erectile dysfunction, delayed ejaculation and prostate health. our products are recommended by leading doctors at mayo clinic, cedar-sinai, rush hospital, nhs barts, king’s college, charité and many others. sexual dysfunctions are commonplace, with 1 in 2 men suffering from erectile dysfunction and 4 in 5 women experiencing genito-pelvic pain. these problems are often associated with childbirth, menopause, aging, diabetes, heart disease, surgery, and cancer. however, most people suffer in silence and don't seek medical help. traditional medical solutions typically involve tablets, surgeries, or intrusive interventions.mysteryvibe addresses these issues using non-invasive vibratory stimulation, which increases blood flow to the affected areas and changes the messages carried by nerves. this can enhance sexual responsiveness and pleasure while decreasing pain. vibratory stimulation is also an essential component of many types of pelvic floor therapy to restore normal sexual function.our uniqueness and innovation lie in our patented technology, which combines malleable materials and electronics to create adaptable devices that suit various body shapes and deliver the right frequency vibrations exactly where needed. we currently have six fda class 2 medical devices in the market: crescendo 2 (genito-pelvic pain, penetration pain), poco (vulvodynia), legato (arousal disorder), molto (prostate health), tenuto 2 (erectile dysfunction) & tenuto mini (erectile dysfunction after prostatectomy).we differ from our competitors due to our breadth of focus on all major male and female sexual dysfunctions and our ability to access both the medical and consumer markets. we have achieved with the help of our 3 core competencies:•	end-to-end in-house product research, design, rapid prototyping, and pilot production, all performed at our r&d centre in surrey.•	integrated partnerships with leading partners for medical studies, high-volume manufacturing, regulatory compliance, and electronics compliance.•	a proprietary technology stack in hardware, firmware, and software, developed and optimized with feedback from over 100,000 users.our innovation process begins by identifying what are the major sexual health issues that are affecting a large percentage of the population. then we dive deep into existing clinical literature to determine if vibration therapy can offer better solutions. we then collaborate with leading clinicians and patients to develop highly effective devices with the right characteristics, continuously iterating and testing until a robust & safe product is achieved with all the regulatory compliances. this process is conducted entirely in-house at our r&d centre, allowing us to rapidly iterate and develop products while owning all intellectual property.with our innovative products, strong commitment to research and development, and focus on addressing critical sexual health issues, we have created a blue ocean and carved out a unique & leading position in the market of sexual health devices, delivering highly effective and extremely affordable solutions to improve the lives of a billions of people worldwide.

Question: what problem is mysteryvibe trying to solve?
Answer: sexual dysfunctions are commonplace, with 50% of men suffering from ed and 80% of women experiencing genito-pelvic pain. these problems are associated with childbirth, menopause, diabetes, heart disease, surgery, and cancer. however, most people suffer in silence and don't seek medical help. traditional medical solutions typically involve tablets, surgeries, or intrusive interventions.we address these issues using non-invasive vibratory stimulation, which increases blood flow to the affected areas and changes the messages carried by nerves. this can enhance sexual responsiveness and pleasure while decreasing pain. vibratory stimulation is also an essential component of many types of pelvic floor therapy to restore normal sexual function.our uniqueness lie in our patented technology, which combines malleable materials & electronics to create adaptable devices that suit various body shapes and deliver the right frequency vibrations precisely where needed. a key factor behind this not being solved before is lack of funding and taboos surrounding sexual health.

Question: who are mysteryvibe's target customers?
Answer: our customers are anyone post-major-life-event. for example, people suffering from pelvic pain after childbirth, dryness / arousal disorder after or during menopause, erectile dysfunction after prostate cancer surgery. our customers also include individuals experiencing sexual health difficulties as they age, particularly those dealing with chronic conditions such as heart disease and diabetes. these health issues can often lead to problems like dryness, arousal disorder, reduced libido or erectile dysfunction. moreover, individuals recovering from surgeries or cancer treatments, which often lead to sexual dysfunctions, find our products extremely helpful. by increasing blood flow and enhancing responsiveness through vibration therapy, our products offer non-invasive solutions to these prevalent sexual health issues.regardless of age or circumstances, our customers are people who value their sexual health and are seeking innovative, safe, and effective solutions to improve their quality of life and sustain their intimate relationships.

Question: provide a study that demonstrates the evidence of effectiveness of mysteryvibe devices?
Answer: our best published study is on the use of our crescendo device for genito-pelvic pain/penetration disorder (gpppd), a common condition after childbirth. gpppd causes painful sex, emotional distress, depression, as well as feelings of inadequacy and sexual frustration, which may gradually trigger problems with other domains of sexual functioning in the majority of diagnosed women.the study found that crescendo led to a 5x improvement in the sexual pain domain score of the fsfi, with no adverse effects related to the treatment. our goal is to make these devices extremely affordable at under $50 per unit and partner with hospitals and clinics to include them in the 'new mum kit' so every mum gets this device as soon as they have given birth and follow the simple instructions to address their pelvic pain easily, in the comfort, convenience and privacy of their home.you can find the publication here: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/s1743609522015867

Question: who are mysteryvibe's top 3 clinician key opinion leaders?
Answer: dr. rachel rubin, veterans associationdr. tali sobel, mayo clinicdr. alexandra dubinskaya, cedars-sinai

Question: who are mysteryvibe's current and potential competitors?
Answer: we operate in a unique space that spans the intersection of sexual health, medical technology, and consumer electronics. therefore, our competitive landscape is diverse, and potential competitors could come from any of these sectors.in the medical sector, competitors include clinical devices makers like viberect, ferticare and silk’n. competitors also include pharmaceuticals that offer traditional treatments like sildenafil, tadalafil, etc. these solutions, while effective for some, often come with side effects or risks that many patients would prefer to avoid.in the consumer electronics sector, numerous companies produce vibrators and other sexual wellness products. however, they do not have medical credibility, and lack our depth of engineering expertise. our r&d centre is renowned globally and has been featured on popular science (https://www.popsci.com/health/sex-toys-medical-devices/?editn422=habsa) and the guardian (https://www.theguardian.com/society/2023/jun/09/how-sex-tech-firms-are-reinventing-the-vibrator).what sets us apart is our unique combination of deep clinical research, focus on sexual health, and innovative, non-invasive vibratory therapy devices. our approach to creating customizable, versatile devices backed by medical credibility, allows us to uniquely address multiple major sexual dysfunctions in a way no single competitor currently does. our devices are designed with a deep understanding of anatomy, which ensures that they can precisely target the right areas with the appropriate frequency and amplitude of vibrations. this, combined with the fact that we operate in both the medical and consumer markets, further reinforces our distinctive position in the market.

Question: tell us about the growth of mysteryvibe
Answer: we have consistently outperformed our growth plan by delivering on average 100% yoy growth since we started our sales in 2019 after getting our fda registration. in our first year our sales were $409k. since then, we have had an average of 100% yoy growth and scaled our sales 8x in the past 4 years to $3.2m in 2022. this year we are on track to grow by 150% to $8m sales. to continue growth at this pace or even faster for the foreseeable future, we simply need to build more inventory and do more marketing as we have only scratched the surface in terms of number of people we can help with our devices. we got our fda registration in 2019 and started our direct-to-consumer website then. in our first year our sales were $409k. since then, we have had an average of 100% yoy growth and scaled our sales 8x in the past 4 years to $3.2m in 2022. this year we are on track to grow by 150% to $8m sales. alongside that in the past 18 months, we have scaled our ip portfolio to 35 patents and design registration, our product lines to 6, and published 3 papers in the journal of sexual medicine. alongside this our devices have won 30+ international design awards including red dot, dezeen, if design and design week, where we beat apple watch!key metrics•	annual yoy growth for the past 4 years: 100%+o	sales actuals: $409k (’19), $1m (’20), $1.7m (’21), $3.2m (’22)o	sales forecast: $8m (’23, on track), $20m (’24), $50m (’25), $125m (’26)o	at the same time, we have improved our ebita from -142% in 2019 to +ve and growing rapidly this year.•	other metrics:o	gross margin: 75%o	device faults: <0.1%o	app downloads: 1mo	fte employees: 15o	income per customer: $300o	funding: $9mto date our biggest milestones have been getting our fda registrations for all our 6 devices and having 3 journal of sexual medicine papers. this has enabled us to be whitelisted as a trusted medical device brand on all marketing channels like facebook, instagram, google & microsoft. having access to this vast audience and being able to directly reach and educate them about sexual health has allowed us to scale our sales rapidly and will be the key driver of our growth in the coming years.

Question: tell us about the ceo and founder of mysteryvibe?
Answer: dr. soum rakshit is the co-founder & ceo of mysteryvibe. he has a phd & post-doc in biomedical engineering. he previously created a start-up in eye-recognition which was acquired by a us defence company. he then spent 7 years in management consulting on large technology projects. in 2014 soum started mysteryvibe to bring defence electronics and medical expertise together and create devices that solve big areas in sexual health in an accessible way. i am a biomedical engineer and entrepreneur with a passion for combining medicine and engineering to create purposeful products that improve people's lives. my greatest skill is connecting the dots – knowing who knows what and creating a nurturing team where passion and talent work together towards one common far-reaching goal. my interests lie in sexual health and leveraging technology to address significant healthcare challenges in a massively accessible way.i am a student for life – always deepening my understanding of things i know something of, and expanding my understanding into new areas i haven’t explored before. this applies to everything i do – research, product design, marketing, sales, talent management, fundraising, and more. in the area of product design, where i spend most of my working days, my belief is best summarised by a quote from alain de botton, “elegance is a simplicity of design behind which you can intuit great complexity”. delving a bit more the underlying principle behind all my work is the concept of ‘enchanted objects’. imagine harry potter’s magic wand. on its own, it’s just a piece of wood. powered by magic, it can defeat the gravest of enemies. similarly, the most mundane of everyday objects could be made enchanted when powered by the right technology. they can come to life at the right time to solve our everyday problems and go back to being normal objects thereafter. what if, our umbrellas could alert us on those misleading sunny mornings when it is about to pour in a few hours later. or medicine bottles reminding us of when it’s time to take our tablets. the key to making objects enchanted is to make the transition friction-free. in the case of the umbrella and medicine bottle, all they need is a simple light or sound, informed by the internet and powered by ambient light.  self-contained, self-sufficient, no apps, no wires. they look and function like any other umbrella or medicine bottle, they just happen to be magical. my leadership philosophy is best explained as ‘connected independence’ – where team members across all parts of the business are connected, share learnings, discuss ideas, and have complete independence and ownership of their work. i believe this fosters innovation in a way structured and siloed hierarchies cannot.above all this, i am driven by one core value in everything i do – ‘being kind’. be kind, patient and understanding, even to strangers for we never know what people are going through. my greatest joy comes from seeing our work hugely change people's lives, and i am driven by a commitment to creating accessible solutions that can truly improve the lives of billions.

Question: tell us about the journey of soum rakshit?
Answer: my professional career started during my phd years at university of bath where i was studying biomedical engineering. i was specialising in biometric eye recognition and the defence sector found our work valuable. so, we ended up creating a start-up to monetise our research. our company was acquired by a us defence company and that was the start of my accidental entrepreneurial journey. while i had a successful exit already, my expertise was limited to tech and felt the need to immerse myself in business and learn it properly. so, after our acquisition, i joined deloitte consulting as a graduate. over the next 7 years i gained a breadth and depth of expertise in business and management. at the same time, i got to spend a lot of time listening to my colleague’s pain points in relationships – especially after major life events like childbirth, menopause, cancer treatment or surgery. i realised that a major challenge in most people’s lives is keeping the ‘mystery’ alive in a long-term relationship. i am a big believer in bringing together the best of medicine and engineering to create purposeful products that solve big healthcare challenges and significantly improve people’s quality of life. so, i decided to combine my biomedical engineering expertise with leading doctors in urology and gynaecology to create mysteryvibe with the mission of normalising sexual health and making solutions for major sexual health issues accessible to all.for a while, i had been thinking about getting back to my first love, biomedical engineering. armed with the mission to create solutions in an area of healthcare that could change the lives of billions of people, i was ready to make the jump. this was something i was super passionate about so it was an easy decision to give up my corporate career and go back to start-up life. over the past decade at mysteryvibe, we have created 6 fda class 2 medical devices addressing genito-pelvic pain, penetration pain, erectile dysfunction, delayed ejaculation and prostate health. we have published 3 journal papers, won 30+ international awards, and are recommended by leading hospitals like charite, king’s college, barts, mayo clinic, cedars-sinai and others.in my day to day work, i focus on actionable things that people can easily follow and bring about real improvements in their health, lives and relationships. the greatest joy i get is in seeing our work improve people's lives.

Question: tell us about mysteryvibe's crescendo device?
Answer: crescendo is the world’s first ultra-flexible vibrator that adapts to your body shape and delivers precise vibrations exactly where you need. it's designed to adapt to your body, any shape, any size and precisely stimulate where you could never reach before. it's key features are:mimics human fingers - the most natural and versatile vibrator6 powerful motors in 6 segments, stimulate multiple zones at once and deliver both distributed and targeted stimulations16 intensity levels, from very gentle to very strong vibrations, particularly useful for extra sensitives usersfits any configuration, vaginal depth and curvaturerechargeable, usb charging, run time of 1 hour at full power, standby time of 30 dayswater-resistant, easy to wash with soap and water

Question: what are the latest improvements in crescendo?
Answer: more powerful and even quieter vibrations along the entire shaft. the improved custom-designed motors utilize whisper-quiet technology to drive more power within the same footprint  dedicated directional vibration for distributed powerful clitoral stimulation from a re-designed clitoral mount. the redesign features a motor encased in silicone to deliver improved and targeted vibration transmission to the clitoris.improved body-adaptability with better bend-and-hold mechanisms from new hinge lock technology allowing crescendo 2 to stay in shape consistently under pressure.enhanced accessibility with beautifully designed buttons that are large, tactile, and raised along with prominent, multi-colored lights and visual cues for ease of use, especially to aid the vision impaired or those suffering from dexterity issues, and easy-to-use usb charging.powering these improvements were major advancements in mysteryvibe’s technology, achieved through continuous r&d in close collaboration with users & experts over the past seven years. due to these advancements, crescendo 2’s overall product shape and size was retained from the first model to keep it accessible to various anatomies across all genders. and orientations.

Question: whis medical applications is crescendo most useful for?
Answer: particularly useful for users struggling with vaginal pain and lack of arousalreach & stimulate areas that need massaging to reduce pain and increase arousal

Question: what does the mysteryvibe app do?
Answer: use the app as a remote control for your devicelive control individual motors in real time create your own vibration patterns by setting each motor however you wantdownload numerous custom vibration patterns available on apple app store and google play, completely free

Question: do you have the ec declaration of conformity?
Answer: yes, mysteryvibe has the ec declaration of conformity. you will find the document below.

Question: do your products have the ce and fcc marks?
Answer: yes, our products have been tested and conform to ce and fcc regulations.

Question: where can i buy your products in person?
Answer: please email us at hello@mysteryvibe.com if you would like to know the latest list of physical stores which sell our products.

Question: are your products tested on animals?
Answer: we do not test our products on animals. we take great care in making sure every aspect of our manufacturing and sourcing process is thoroughly tested and certified to ensure 100% ethical production.

Question: where are your products made?
Answer: our hardware is designed in london, uk and our software is designed in new york, usa. the complete product is assembled in china under the highest international quality standards.

Question: what is your shipping policy?
Answer: all in-stock orders are shipped within 1 working day from our warehouse in manchester. depending on the destination, it takes between 2 - 7 working days to arrive. for international orders, there could be additional time and costs associated with clearing customs.

Question: how much is shipping?
Answer: we provide free shipping on all uk orders above £50. for orders under £50, there is a £3 delivery charge. for orders outside the uk there is a delivery fee of £30. there may be customs duties & taxes in some countries which customers will need to pay locally.

Question: are there any countries you cannot currently ship to?
Answer: due to customs restrictions, we can not ship to serbia, ukraine, thailand, malaysia, russia, mainland china, india, africa and south america (excluding mexico). if local law is prohibitive and your order is seized at customs, unfortunately there isn't anything we can do in these situations and your order will likely be lost. if for any reason we are unable to send your order out to you, we will let you know as soon as possible and refund you in full.

Question: us orders
Answer: we ship all our us orders from our manchester warehouse using fedex. we aim to deliver all mainland us orders within two working days. however, depending on rare factors such as unusually high order volume, warehouse closures etc, it can occasionally take up to seven working days for your order to be fulfilled. please ensure your destination has a secure point of delivery as fedex doesn't take responsibility for the parcel being lost or stolen once they have dropped it off at the address. tracking numbers are provided by email at the time of shipment. note that although tracking numbers are sent when the order has been packaged for shipment, tracking information does not start to update until the package has arrived at the fedex processing center. please contact us at support@mysteryvibe.com with any questions you may have.

Question: uk and eu orders
Answer: all of our european orders are shipped out from our warehouse in manchester in the uk. we ship using either dpd or royal mail tracked. please ensure your destination has a secure point of delivery as our couriers don't take responsibility for the product once they have dropped it off at the delivery address. tracking numbers are provided by email at the time of shipment. note that although tracking numbers are sent when the order has been packaged for shipment, tracking information does not start to update until the package has arrived at the processing center. please contact us at support@mysteryvibe.com with any questions you may have.

Question: international orders
Answer: note: international shipping does not include duties and taxes. your local customs or post office may charge additional fees upon receipt. please check with them if you are unsure. international order delivery times depend on a number of factors but most orders will be delivered within 10 working days of the order being placed. we mark our customs forms as discreetly as possible, calling our products 'personal massagers' in the item description. however we rely on the customer to ensure that these items are acceptable for import to their country.

Question: will my order be shipped discreetly?
Answer: we take great care with all our warehouses and courier partners to make sure the packaging is as discreet as possible. we believe that discretion is a major part of making our customer experience exceptional, so your order will be shipped out in plain packaging and won't mention 'sex' or 'vibrator' anywhere. please note that international orders may contain a customs declaration form.

Question: can i return a product after i have received it?
Answer: we understand that the products won't work for everyone. that's why we have a 30-day returns policy. if you are not happy with the product you can return it within 30 days for a full refund. please email support@mysteryvibe.com quoting your order details and we will arrange the free return and full refund for you.

Question: how long does delivery usually take?
Answer: we aim to deliver all of our us and eu orders within 5 working days of the order being placed, however this may take longer depending on where we are shipping to and any local customs requirements.

Question: i bought it by accident / i have not used the product - how can i return it?
Answer: if you haven't used the product and want to return the product, please contact us and we will help you with the return and get a full refund. please make sure the external seal is not broken. due to the intimate nature of the product, we are only allowed to accept returns if the seal is still intact.

Question: how can i become an affiliate for mysteryvibe?
Answer: you can sign up to become an affiliate by going to our affiliates page.

Question: do you have videos showing how the products are used?
Answer: you will find some great play ideas on our play page here. also as our user base grows, more videos are coming out with people using it. you can find one example here.

Question: where do i enter my coupon / discount code?
Answer: when you are in the checkout page, you will find the box to enter your coupon code on the right hand side (in desktop) and within the 'show order summary'. please note that coupon codes are not valid in conjunction with other coupons or when there is a discount on the product. for example if you have selected the ‘2 together’ offer that will automatically apply a discount on both the products. if you apply a coupon on top this discount, it will remove the previous discount and apply the new one from the coupon.

Question: what currencies can i pay with on your site?
Answer: you can pay in usd, gbp or eur on our site.

Question: which payment methods are accepted on your site?
Answer: we accept paypal, apple pay, google pay as well as all major cards like mastercard, visa and american express.

Question: is payment on your site secure?
Answer: we take security extremely seriously. we use shopify plus as our platform, which is incredibly secure and meets all of the industry guidlines. we also use sitewide ssl in order to make sure all data, not just payment information is secure at all times.

Question: i can't find my order confirmation? how can i get it again?
Answer: sometimes email services put our mails under 'promotions' or 'spam'. if you can't find the confirmation email, please contact us at hello@mysteryvibe.com and we will confirm that your order came through correctly and get back to you right away.

Question: can i apply one discount on top of another discount? for example can i apply the sign up discount on top of the discount for purchasing both devices?
Answer: you can only apply one coupon per order. if you have multiple coupons, make sure to pick the higher of them during checkout.

Question: do i need the app or can i play with the toys on their own?
Answer: mysteryvibe is all about pleasure, with you at the centre of it. all our products work seamlessly without the app. they come with an exciting collection of preinstalled vibes and you can navigate between them using the buttons on the product.

Question: what can i do with the app?
Answer: the app is a completely free add-on to widen your experience of the products. with the app you can change the installed vibes by downloading new ones from the vibe store. the app also allows you or your partner to control the device via bluetooth. you can create your own custom vibes of up to 5 minutes long and save them onto your device for offline play.

Question: can i create my own vibes?
Answer: you can create your own vibes on the mysteryvibe app. swipe down to the vibes menu and then tap on 'create'. from there, you can design your own vibration patterns, choosing the vibration pattern and intensity in each of the six motors indvidually. once you have created your own vibe, you can give it a name and add it to the library. from the library you can add the vibe to your device. check out our step-by-step video guide on using the app here.

Question: what distance can i control crescendo or tenuto from using the app?
Answer: the mysteryvibe app works on bluetooth low energy technology and can be used to control crescendo or tenuto within a 10-metre (30 feet) range. we are also working on creating a long-distance version of the app where you will be able to connect with your partner via wifi and control their device over long distance. we don't currently have a release date for this yet as we want to make sure it is as secure as possible to make sure you are always secure.

Question: how do i swap between crescendo and tenuto on the app?
Answer: to change between crescendo and tenuto on the app, swipe down to the vibes menu and then click the gear wheel at the top right corner. scroll down in the settings menu and you will see 'swap device'. here you can change between crescendo and tenuto. click 'save' and then 'done' and you will be able to connect to the new device you have chosen. here is a quick video demonstrating this.

Question: my phone is asking for a pin number when i try to connect. what should i do?
Answer: some android phones will prompt you to enter a pin number when connecting your crescendo or tenuto to the app. this pin number is assigned by your phone, not by the app as we don't have any pins in the app. the most common pins on android are 000000, 0000 and 1234. if you are still unable to connect, go to settings -> applications -> all -> bluetooth share and tap on force stop -> clear cache -> clear data. you should now be able to connect successfully.

Question: when i connect to the app, why does it ask for access to my location?
Answer: google's android os updated the way their system works and now requires location to be enabled in order to use bluetooth. without giving location access it is no longer possible to use bluetooth devices with android phones. please note that this is an internal android function and our app doesn’t use any location information or gather any data about your location.

Question: when i connect to the app, it asks me to update my device. why is that?
Answer: we regularly release new features to improve reliability and make our products even more exciting. the update file is quite large and can take around 10 minutes to complete, however you will only need to do this once after an app update.

Question: i can't access google play store, can i download the android apk here?
Answer: yes you can download the android apk file here.

Question: does the app work on windows phones?
Answer: unfortunately, since microsoft has discontinued support for window phone os, the mysteryvibe app is only available on ios & android.

Question: i get an error when i try to update the firmware using the app. what should i do?
Answer: the firmware file is quite a large one and the file transfer takes around 10 minutes. if there are any interruptions during this time, such as a phone call or bluetooth interference, it could show an error. in this case, simply tap on the circle again to restart the update and it should work perfectly. alternatively you can go to your phone's bluetooth settings and 'forget' your device. then delete and reinstall the mysteryvibe app. the firmware should now download with no errors. if you are still having problems after trying these steps, please email support@mysteryvibe.com and we will be able to help further.

Question: my app is stuck on 'updating firmware'
Answer: please try the following: 1/ make sure you have the most up to date version of the app on your phone. if you're not sure, please delete and reinstall the app on your phone. 2/ make sure you have selected the correct device (either crescendo or tenuto) on your app. to change between them, please swipe down from the home screen and then tap the cog in the top right hand corner. scroll down to where it says 'swap device' and then make sure you have selected the device you're trying to connect with. 3/ this is often an indication that the bluetooth pairing is wrong and the app cannot access the secure features of the device, go into your bluetooth settings on your phone and 'forget' your device, then try reconnecting through the app. if you're still having issues with the app after trying these steps, please reach out to support@mysteryvibe.com and we will be able to help further.

Question: the app doesn't complete the vibe sync process, device disconnects part way through. what should i do?
Answer: this can be caused by a corrupted vibe file. start the app in offline mode (without a device connected), and remove all custom vibes, then reduce the selected favourites from the vibe store so only one vibe 'mad max' is selected. close the app and then restart and connect to device. the app will now try to sync only one vibe. once this works, then to re-add the vibes you want to use.

Question: how do i change the vibes and intensity using the app?
Answer: go to the playlist menu (the top circle). here you can swipe left or right to change the vibes on your device in real time. to change the vibe intensity use the slider at the bottom of the same screen. you can also live control each motor by touching the corresponding circles on the app.

Question: do i need the remote to use my mysteryvibe vibrators?
Answer: not at all, all our products work without the remote. the remote gives you the extra option to seamlessly control any of your favorite mysteryvibe vibrators from a distance of up to 3 meters / 10 feet.

Question: which products are compatible with the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: the mysteryvibe remote is compatible with all mysteryvibe vibrators.

Question: can i use the mysteryvibe remote with vibrators that aren’t from mysteryvibe?
Answer: the mysteryvibe remote is only compatible with vibrators made by mysteryvibe.

Question: what is the benefit of the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: the mysteryvibe remote is a very user-friendly, easy-to-use device with large, tactile buttons, so you control any of your mysteryvibe vibrators from a distance of up to 3 meters / 10 feet. the remote allows you to easily change the intensity and vibration pattern.you can connect up to 3 mysteryvibe vibrators with the remote and easily switch between them or control all of them at the same time. so, you can connect to up to 3 mysteryvibe vibrators at once and stimulate different erogenous zones to reach new heights of pleasure.

Question: how can i use the remote during play?
Answer: connect intimately in new ways with the mysteryvibe remote control. control your / your partner’s vibrator with the remote experience new levels of orgasms from synchronized vibrations surrender control of your experience to your partner stimulate multiple erogenous zones at once with multiple mysteryvibe devices simultaneously pleasure your partner and yourself

Question: what are the mysteryvibe remote’s features, specs and dimensions?
Answer: the mysteryvibe remote is a bluetooth device that connects wirelessly with crescendo, tenuto and poco. it is light-weight and compact, weighing only 0.09 lbs. / 40 grams. the dimensions of the remote are: 1.57 x 3.94 x 0.98 in / 4x10 x 2.5 cm.the remote box containing the remote, usb cable and instruction manuals, weighs 0.4lbs or 200 grams with dimensions of 3.9 x 5.5 x 1.3 in | 10 x 13.9 x 3.4 cm. the remote is rechargeable via usb with the usb charging cable included in the box. the remote has a 4 hours of use time when fully charged and connected.

Question: what's in the mysteryvibe remote box?
Answer: the bluetooth remote comes in a sleek mysteryvibe box with a beautifully designed instruction manual, and usb charging cable.

Question: how do i change the vibration patterns on a mysteryvibe vibrator using the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: to change to the next vibrational pattern, press the > button on the remote. to return to the previous vibrational pattern, press the < button on the remote

Question: how do i change the intensity using the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: to increase the intensity using the remote, press the + button. to decrease the intensity using the remote, press the - button.

Question: can i create my own vibes with the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: the mysteryvibe remote allows you to change vibration patterns (vibes) already stored in your mysteryvibe vibrator. to create new vibes, download the free mysteryvibe app, available on both the apple appstore and google play. with the app you can not only create new vibes, but also download countless news ones from the vibe store.

Question: from what distance can i control mysteryvibe vibrators using the remote?
Answer: you can use the mysteryvibe remote to control any mysteryvibe vibrator from a distance of up 3 meters / 10 feet.

Question: how do i connect the mysteryvibe remote to a mysteryvibe vibrator?
Answer: turn on bluetooth on the mysteryvibe vibrator that you want to control with the remote. see each product's user guide for assistance.	press and hold the scan button • for 2 seconds to scan for nearby vibrators. when scanning for vibrators the remote status light will be light blue.	once connected, each channel light will flash yellow if a vibrator is connected to that channel. the light will turn green to indicate the channel that is currently under control by the remote.	press the scan/channel button • to cycle through each of the connected product: channel 1 -> channel 2 -> channel 3 -> all channels -> no channels.

Question: how do i connect multiple mysteryvibe products?
Answer: turn on and activate bluetooth on all the mysteryvibe vibrators that you want to control with the remote. see each product's user guide for assistance.	press and hold the scan/channel button • for 2 seconds to scan for nearby vibrators. when scanning for a device the remote status light will be light blue.	once connected, each channel light will flash yellow if a vibrator is connected to that channel, and turn green to indicate the channel that is currently under control by the remote.	after you've connected one product to one channel and the light flashes yellow, press the scan/channel button • to move to the next channel and allow the remote to connect to another product. repeat for a third channel if you want.

Question: how do i swap between products with the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: to toggle between connected products on the remote, press the scan/channel button •. each channel will flash a yellow light if a product is connected and then turn green to indicate the channel is currently under control by the remote.

Question: does the mysteryvibe remote require batteries to operate?
Answer: the remote is sustainably made and is rechargeable via the usb charging cable that is included with the remote.

Question: can i use the mysteryvibe remote with the app?
Answer: yes, you can connect the remote to the free mysteryvibe app to update its firmware.

Question: what do the buttons on the mysteryvibe remote do?
Answer: you can enjoy your favorite mysteryvibe products hands-free by using the remote buttons.power on/off button: press and hold the power button for 2 seconds to turn the remote on. press and hold the power button again to disconnect any connected products.scan/channel button •: press and hold the scan/channel button for 2 seconds to scan for mysteryvibe products. push the scan/channel button • again to cycle through each of the channels to connect or control connected products.increase (+) / decrease (-) intensity buttons: use the + and – buttons to increase and decrease the intensity of the current vibration.previous (<) and next (>) vibration pattern buttons: press the < and > buttons to toggle through the vibration patterns.for more detailed instructions, please check the mysteryvibe remote user guide.

Question: how do i clean my mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: we recommend wiping the outer surfaces of the remote with a slightly damp cloth. do not splash water on the remote or submerge it in water as this may damage it.

Question: my mysteryvibe remote isn't charging / doesn't charge. what should i do?
Answer: make sure the usb charging cable is firmly inside the charging port on the remote and that the other end is connected to a reliable usb power plug or computer. try detaching and reattaching the usb charging cable and see if the remote begins to charge. if not, please get in touch with us at support@mysteryvibe.com.

Question: does my mysteryvibe remote come with a warranty?
Answer: the remote comes with the standard mysteryvibe 2-year warranty, which is valid from the day you receive your product. please register your product using your order number at mysteryvibe.com/register. if you can’t find your order number, please get in touch with us on support@mysteryvibe.com.

Question: where do i find the model number and serial number of the mysteryvibe remote?
Answer: you will find the model number and the serial number at the back of the remote.

Question: can i use the mysteryvibe remote and mysteryvibe app at the same time on my products?
Answer: no, you can’t use the mysteryvibe remote and mysteryvibe app at the same time since both of them connect to the product using bluetooth and the products can only have one bluetooth connection at a time.

Question: what are poco's features, specs and dimensions?
Answer: poco is the most advanced bullet vibrator in the world. it is packed with the very best innovation to the brim to take you to the ultimate heights of pleasure. usb charging, long battery runtime from a quick full charge, smart app control, showerproof and much more. poco comes feature-rich, straight out of the box, all inclusive!poco is a compact toy, which is what makes it great for people who may not already own many vibrators. poco is 1.6 inches at the widest point, and 5.9 inches long. at the narrow end the circumference is 1 inches and at the wider end 1.6 inches. in metric, this is 4cm at the widest point and 15cm long, with a circumference of 2.5cm at the narrow end and 4cm at the wider end. poco weighs 2.5 oz or 80g.

Question: what's in the box?
Answer: poco comes beautifully packaged and includes a user guide and usb charging cable.

Question: can poco be used during sex?
Answer: yes, poco is a really great toy for use during sex. it is particularly effective for targetted clitoral and labia stimulation during intercourse to enjoy internal and external stimulation simultaneously. you can check out the play page for more ideas on how to introduce poco into your sex life.

Question: what makes poco unique?
Answer: poco is unique in a number of ways and the most exciting being that it can be many toys in one! because of its bendable design, you can flex poco into any shape that works for you or your partner. that could be a curved shape to stimulate the g-spot or a c-shape to stimulate both the clitoris and g-spot at the same. poco is designed to be gender-neutral so people from all orientations can enjoy it.

Question: what are poco's key features?
Answer: poco has two motors along the length of its shaft, so there are multiple stimulation points throughout. both the motors can be programmed individually and controlled using the app so you can create a vibe that is completely tailored to you. for more ideas on how to use poco, check out our play page.

Question: what is the design inspiration behind poco?
Answer: our relationship with sexuality starts with our fingers. they are our very first 'sex toy'. our fingers help us discover and stimulate our erogenous zones. that is what we designed poco to emulate - create the ultimate finger that can be bent to reach, discover and arouse the deepest parts of our bodies, we didn't know existed and achieve new heights of pleasure.

Question: is poco a good first-time vibrator?
Answer: we designed poco to be the best first-time vibrator. we think it is the perfect toy for anyone looking to explore, discover and stimulate their and their partner's body in new ways. poco also makes a great vibrator gift for your partner or friend.

Question: how do i charge my poco?
Answer: to charge poco, plug in the micro usb wire into the port at the back of poco. you can connect the usb wire to any usb plug or computer for power. the light in the centre of the buttons will blink to indicate charging. when charging is complete this light will go off.

Question: how long does the battery last?
Answer: poco takes 1 hour to charge and lasts upto 2 hours with both motors running at full power. it will last even longer when running with other vibe patterns or at a lower intensity.

Question: how can poco be used on the g-spot or clit?
Answer: poco makes an excellent g-spot as well clitoral vibrator. you can bend poco into a curved shape to precisely stimulate the g-spot with targeted vibrations. similarly, on the clitoris you can use the flat side of poco's top motor for a distributed vibration or the tip for a concentrated powerful one. check out our play page for more ideas.

Question: how easy is it to travel with poco? can i charge it in other countries?
Answer: poco is designed to be the perfect travel vibrator, especially when taking in your hand luggage. poco is very compact, really powerful and very easy to charge with a standard micro-usb wire. connect it to any usb power outlet (or computer) and you can charge it anywhere in the world.

Question: what do the buttons on poco do?
Answer: you can control poco without connecting to the app using the buttons. use the arrow buttons to cycle through the vibes, and use the + and - buttons to change the intensity. to turn poco on / off press and hold the right arrow button for 2 seconds. to connect to the app, open the app and when it prompts you to connect with poco, press and hold the left arrow button for 2 seconds.

Question: what are your products made of?
Answer: all of our products are made from high quality, fda-approved, premium body-safe silicone.

Question: where can i find the serial number to register my warranty?
Answer: on poco, you can find the serial number on the side of the box. it will be a long number starting with mv.

Question: what shapes can you bend poco into?
Answer: poco can be bent into as many shapes as you want. simply bend it with your hand into an i, c, u, l, and many shapes in between. you will find lots of exciting shapes and play ideas in our play page.

Question: can i use lube with poco?
Answer: absolutely. we always recommend using a water-based lubricant along with poco to get the most of your poco. also, lotions and oils are a great addition if you like to lead up to your time with crescendo by giving your partner a sensual massage.

Question: how do i restore factory settings on my poco?
Answer: copnnect poco to the mysteryvibe app. on the app, swipe down to the vibe store. tap on the gear at the top right and select 'restore factory settings'. this will replace the vibes you currently have on your device with the original, pre-loaded ones.

Question: how do i clean my poco?
Answer: poco is water-resistent, so you can safely wash it under running water to clean it. we recommend cleaning it before and after use, using either soap and water or a specialised toy cleaner.

Question: how do i lock / unlock my poco?
Answer: once you've found a vibe that you like, you can lock your poco so that you don't accidentally change the setting during play. to do this, hold down both the + and - buttons at the same time for 3 seconds. your poco will vibrate momentarily to indicate that it is now locked and then the buttons won't affect it. to unlock poco, hold down the + and - buttons again for 3 seconds.

Question: what are tenuto's features, specs and dimensions?
Answer: tenuto is the most advanced male vibrator in the world. it is packed with the very best innovation to the brim to take you and your partner to the ultimate heights of pleasure. usb charging, long battery runtime from a quick full charge, smart app control, 100% waterproof and much more. tenuto comes feature-rich, straight out of the box, all inclusive!the inside dimensions of tenuto before stretching are 1.5 inches x 1.5 inches. once it is stretched, it is around 2 inches x 2 inches.

Question: what's in the tenuto  box?
Answer: tenuto comes in a beautifully designed box with a slick instruction manual and usb charging wire.

Question: how do i wear tenuto?
Answer: make sure tenuto is turned on before putting it on. before wearing tenuto, generously apply water-based lubricant on tenuto, your penis, or both. stretch and open tenuto's 'wings' and slide it on. sit your testicles above tenuto or place through the opening below, one at a time. you can connect to the app if you want to control tenuto while wearing it. once tenuto is on, enjoy a firm grip and play stronger for longer.

Question: how do i charge tenuto?
Answer: to charge tenuto, plug in the micro usb wire into the port at the back of tenuto. you can connect the usb wire to any usb plug or computer for power. the light on the underside of tenuto will blink to indicate charging. when charging is complete this light will go off.

Question: can tenuto be worn during sex & intercourse?
Answer: tenuto is designed to be worn comfortably during intercourse. tenuto's front three motors is not only designed to stimulate the penis but also deliver powerful vibrations to the partner's labia and clitoris.

Question: what are the different ways i can use tenuto?
Answer: you can use tenuto in a number of different ways: as a cock ring, as a masturbator, as a nipple stimulator and many others. you will find lots of ideas on our play page.

Question: what do the buttons on tenuto do?
Answer: you can control tenuto without connecting to the app using the buttons. use the arrow buttons to cycle through the vibes, and use the + and - buttons to change the intensity. to turn tenuto on / off press and hold the right arrow button for 2 seconds. to connect to the app, open the app and when it prompts you to connect with tenuto, press and hold the left arrow button for 2 seconds.

Question: how do i lock my tenuto?
Answer: once you've found a vibe that you like, you can lock your tenuto so that you don't accidentally change the setting during play. to do this, hold down both the + and - buttons at the same time for 3 seconds. your tenuto will vibrate momentarily to indicate that it is now locked and then the buttons won't affect tenuto. to unlock tenuto, hold down the + and - buttons again for 3 seconds.

Question: how long does the battery last?
Answer: tenuto takes around an hour to charge and lasts 90 minutes at full power (mad max vibe).

Question: what are your products made of?
Answer: all of our products are made from high quality, premium body-safe silicone.

Question: where can i find the serial number to register my warranty?
Answer: early batches of tenuto don't have a serial number so please use your order number instead when registering your warranty on our site. this will be a four or five digit number that you can find on your order confirmation. for later batches the serial number can be found on the side of the box - it will be a long number starting with mvt.

Question: how do i restore factory settings on my device?
Answer: make sure the device you want to reset is connected to the app. on the mysteryvibe app, swipe down to the vibe store. tap on the gear at the top right and select 'restore factory settings'. this will replace the vibes you currently have on your device with the original, pre-loaded ones.

Question: how do i clean my tenuto?
Answer: we recommend cleaning tenuto before first and after every use, either with soap and water, or a specialised toy cleaner. you can safely run tenuto under the tap but don't completely submerging it in water as this may damage it.

Question: what are tenuto 2's features, specs and dimensions?
Answer: tenuto 2 is the most advanced male vibrator in the world, providing the ultimate satisfaction for both couples and solo pleasure. it’s powered by 4 individual motors that stimulate the penis and perineum, increasing blood flow and heightening sensations. designed specifically to work with and around the male anatomy, it can be worn comfortably during intercourse or used solo. tenuto 2’s front motors will not only stimulate the penis but also deliver powerful vibrations to the partner's labia and clitoris. featuring micro-usb charging, long battery runtime, smart app control, compatible with the mysteryvibe remote, and 100% water resistant, tenuto 2 won’t leave you wanting for anything but more. the inside dimensions of tenuto 2 before stretching are 1.3 inches x 1.3 inches. once it is stretched, it is around 1.7 inches x 1.7 inches.

Question: what's in the tenuto 2 box?
Answer: tenuto 2 comes in a beautifully designed box with a slick instruction manual and usb charging wire.

Question: how do i wear tenuto 2?
Answer: before wearing tenuto 2, generously apply water-based lubricant on tenuto 2, your penis, or both. make sure tenuto 2 is powered on before putting it on. stretch and open tenuto 2's 'wings' outwards and place it on the penis head. stimulate the penis head with tenuto 2’s strong vibrations to get aroused. as your penis gets erect, slide tenuto 2 up the penis shaft so it sits at the base. sit your testicles above tenuto 2 or place them through the opening below, one at a time. you can connect to the app or use the mysteryvibe remote if you want to control tenuto 2 remotely while wearing it. once tenuto 2 is on, get a firm grip and enjoy stronger, longer erections.

Question: how do i charge tenuto 2?
Answer: to charge tenuto 2, plug in the micro-usb wire into the port at the back of tenuto 2. you can connect the micro-usb wire to any usb plug or computer for power. the light on the underside of tenuto 2 will double blink to indicate charging. when charging is complete this light will go solid.

Question: can tenuto 2 be worn during sex & intercourse?
Answer: tenuto 2 is designed to be worn comfortably during intercourse. tenuto 2's front 3 motors are not only designed to stimulate the penis but also deliver powerful vibrations to your partner's labia and clitoris.

Question: what are the different ways i can use tenuto 2?
Answer: you can use tenuto 2 in a number of different ways: as a cock ring, as a nipple stimulator and more. you can find lots of ideas on our play page

Question: what do the buttons on tenuto 2 do?
Answer: you can control tenuto 2 without connecting to the app by using the buttons. use the arrow buttons to cycle through the vibes and use the + and - buttons to change the intensity. to turn tenuto 2 on / off press and hold the right arrow button (next to the power icon) for 2 seconds.

Question: how do i connect tenuto 2 to the app?
Answer: download the mysteryvibe app from the apple app store or google play store. open the app and enable bluetooth on your phone. note that android requires location permission for the bluetooth functionality to work - this is an internal android step, and your location is not used or tracked by the app. in the app, select ‘tenuto 2’ and then ‘tap to connect’. when it prompts you to connect with tenuto 2, press and hold the left arrow button for 2 seconds. tenuto 2 will vibrate twice indicating it’s ready to connect and the app will then be connected with tenuto 2.

Question: how do i lock my tenuto 2?
Answer: once you've found a vibe you like, you can lock your tenuto 2 so that you don't accidentally change the setting to another vibe pattern during play. to do this, hold down both the + and - buttons at the same time for 4 seconds. tenuto 2 will be locked. the light on the underside will double flash upon locking and continue flashing every 10 seconds to indicate it’s locked. to unlock, press and hold the + and - buttons again for 4 seconds and tenuto 2 will go back to normal operation. if you are unsure whether your tenuto 2 is locked, simply put it on charge and it will automatically go back to normal operation.

Question: how long does the battery last?
Answer: tenuto 2 takes around an hour to charge and lasts up to 2 hours depending on vibe pattern.

Question: what are your products made of?
Answer: all our products are made from high quality, premium body-safe silicone.

Question: where can i find the serial number to register my warranty
Answer: if you purchased the original tenuto on pre-order, a serial number was not included so please use your order number instead when registering your warranty on our site. this will be a four or five-digit number that you can find on your order confirmation. for all orders of tenuto 2 the serial number can be found on the side of the box - it will be a long number starting with mvt.

Question: how do i restore factory settings on my device?
Answer: make sure the device you want to reset is connected to the app. on the mysteryvibe app, swipe down to the vibe store. tap on the gear at the top right and select 'restore factory settings'. this will replace any custom vibration patterns you might have created with the original, pre-loaded ones.

Question: how do i clean my tenuto 2?
Answer: we recommend cleaning tenuto 2 before first and after every use, either with soap and water, or a specialised sex toy cleaner. you can safely run tenuto 2 under the tap but don't completely submerge it in water as this may cause damage.

Question: what are crescendo's features, specs and dimensions?
Answer: crescendo is the most advanced vibrator in the world. it is packed with the very best innovation to the brim to take you to the ultimate heights of pleasure. seamless wireless charging, long battery runtime from a quick full charge, smart app control, 100% waterproof and much more. crescendo comes feature-rich, straight out of the box, all inclusive!crescendo is a slim toy, which is what makes it great for people who may not already own many vibrators. crescendo is 1.6 inches x 1.4 inches at the widest point, and 8.5 inches long. at the narrow end the circumference is 3.5 inches and at the wider end 4.75 inches (excluding the 'ears'). in metric, this is 3.5cm x 4cm at the widest point and 21cm long, with a circumference of 9cm at the narrow end and 12cm at the wider end. crescendo weighs 5.6 oz or 160g.

Question: what's in the box?
Answer: crescendo comes in an award winning box with a beautifully designed instruction manual, wireless induction charger and usb wire.

Question: can crescendo be used during sex?
Answer: yes, crescendo is a really great toy for use during intercourse. it can be used both externally or internally during sex and has many awards for being the best sex toy for couples. you can check out the play page for more ideas on how to introduce crescendo into your sex life.

Question: what makes crescendo unique?
Answer: crescendo is unique in a number of ways & the most exciting being that it can be infinite toys in one! because of its bendable design, you can flex crescendo into any shape that works for you or your partner. that could be a curved shape to stimulate the g-spot, an s-shape to stimulate both the clitoris and g-spot at the same or or a j shape to curve around the head of the penis. crescendo is designed to be truly unisex and gender-neutral so people from all orientations can enjoy it. crescendo has six motors along the length of its shaft, so there are multiple stimulation points throughout. all the motors can be programmed individually and controlled using the app so you can create a vibe that is completely tailored to you. for more ideas on how to use crescendo, check out our play page.

Question: what is the design inspiration behind crescendo?
Answer: our relationship with sexuality starts with our fingers. they are our very first 'sex toy'. our fingers help us discover and stimulate our erogenous zones. that is what we designed crescendo to elevate - create the ultimate finger that can be bent to any shape and reach, discover and arouse the deepest parts of our bodies, we didn't know existed and achieve new heights of pleasure.

Question: is crescendo a good first-time vibrator?
Answer: a lot of our customers tell us that crescendo is their very first vibrator. we think it is the perfect toy for anyone looking to explore, discover and stimulate their body in new ways. as every body is unique, crescendo's bendability allows users to make it their toy without needing to plan in advance what could work for them. that's also why crescendo makes the best vibrator gift for your partner.

Question: how do i charge my crescendo?
Answer: before placing crescendo on the charger, make sure the charger is connected to a good usb power source, a laptop or wall plug. once plugged in, check that the charger shows 3 lights in a sequence - red, green, orange. after that, place crescendo flat on the charger with the minus buttons next to the arrow on the charger as shown in this video. during charging the side lights on crescendo will glow on-and-off. the light on the back of the charger will also blink green indicating charging. once charging is complete, this light will go solid green and the side lights on crescendo will switch off.

Question: how long does the battery last?
Answer: crescendo takes 45 minutes to charge and lasts more than an hour with all 6 motors running at full power, the max max vibe. it will last even longer when running with other vibe patterns or at a lower intensity.

Question: how can crescendo be used on the g-spot and clit?
Answer: crescendo makes an excellent g-spot and clitoral vibrator. you can bend crescendo into a curved shape to precisely stimulate the g-spot with targeted vibrations. similarly, on the clitoris you can use crescendo’s ears or tip for a gentle distributed vibration or a concentrated powerful one. to stimulate the clitoris and g-spot at the same time you can bend crescendo into an s-shape to arouse both areas equally. check out our play page for more ideas.

Question: how can crescendo be used on the penis?
Answer: crescendo makes an excellent male masturbator sex toy. you can bend crescendo into a 'j' shape and position it along the underside of your shaft and over the penis head, or you can bend it into an 'o' shape and run it up and down the length of your shaft with lots of water-based lube. check out our play page for more ideas.

Question: is crescendo good for anal play / prostate massage?
Answer: many of our users enjoy anal play and prostrate massage with crescendo. you can read a review about it here.

Question: how easy is it to travel with crescendo? can i charge it in other countries?
Answer: crescendo is perfect for traveling, especially when taking in your hand luggage. crescendo comes with a beautiful travel pouch for discreet safekeeping while you travel. since crescendo's wireless induction charger connects to any usb power outlet (or computer), you can charge it anywhere in the world.

Question: what are the 'ears' (raised wings) on crescendo for? do they vibrate?
Answer: there are 2 powerful vibration motors under the ears (raised wings) - one at each end of it. the ears transfer the vibrations from these motors along its edges to produce a distributed rumble. being soft you can press them against your erogenous zones to get a very different sensation.

Question: what do the buttons on crescendo do?
Answer: you can control crescendo without connecting to the app using the buttons. use the arrow buttons to cycle through the vibes, and use the + and - buttons to change the intensity. to turn crescendo on / off press and hold the right arrow button for 2 seconds. to connect to the app, open the app and when it prompts you to connect with crescendo, press and hold the left arrow button for 2 seconds.

Question: my crescendo isn't charging. my crescendo doesn't charge. what should i do?
Answer: if the light on the side of the charger turns solid red when you place crescendo on it, this means that it isn't aligned properly. lift crescendo off the charger and place it down again, making sure the minus button on crescendo is next to the arrow on the side of the charger. once it is in the correct position, the charger light will start flashing green, and the lights on the side of crescendo will begin to glow. also make sure to use a good usb charger plug of computer to power the usb of the charger. you can see how to place crescendo correctly on the charger in this video.

Question: what are your products made of?
Answer: all of our products are made from high quality, fda-approved, premium body-safe silicone.

Question: where can i find the serial number to register my warranty?
Answer: on crescendo, you can find the serial number on the bottom of the charger. it will be a long number starting with mv.

Question: what shapes can you bend crescendo into?
Answer: crescendo's claim to fame is, infinite toys in one. crescendo can be bent into as many shapes as you want. simply bend it with your hand into an i, c, u, l, o, s and everything in between. you will find lots of exciting shapes and play ideas in our play page.

Question: can i use lube with crescendo?
Answer: absolutely. we always recommend using a water-based lubricant along with crescendo to get the most of your crescendo. also, lotions and oils are a great addition if you like to lead up to your time with crescendo by giving your partner a sensual massage.

Question: how do i restore factory settings on my device?
Answer: make sure the device you want to reset is connected to the app. on the mysteryvibe app, swipe down to the vibe store. tap on the gear at the top right and select 'restore factory settings'. this will replace the vibes you currently have on your device with the original, pre-loaded ones.

Question: how do i clean my crescendo?
Answer: crescendo is 100% waterproof, so you can safely submerge it in water to clean it. we recommend cleaning it before and after use, using either soap and water or a specialised toy cleaner.

Question: my crescendo won't turn on
Answer: your crescendo may be stuck in boot mode, where it is unable to turn on correctly. to fix this, please place your crescendo on the charger and wait for the lights on the side to pulse gently - this means it is charging properly. let crescendo charge for around 15 minutes, and then try turning it on. in order to prevent this from happening again, connect your crescendo to the app and install the firmware update when it prompts you to. this is quite a large file so it will take around 10 minutes, but once you have successfully installed the new firmware then you shouldn't see this issue again.

Question: how do i lock / unlock my crescendo?
Answer: once you've found a vibe that you like, you can lock your crescendo so that you don't accidentally change the setting during play. to do this, hold down both the + and - buttons at the same time for 3 seconds. your crescendo will vibrate momentarily to indicate that it is now locked and then the buttons won't affect crescendo. to unlock crescendo, hold down the + and - buttons again for 3 seconds.

Question: how do i buy a new charger for crescendo? i have lost / broken my charger, how do i get a new one?
Answer: please email us at support@mysteryvibe.com so we can send you the link to purchase a new one. alternatively, since crescendo charges via qi-induction, if you already have a qi-compliant induction charger, like one of these, that would work fine too.

Question: what are crescendo 2's features, specs and dimensions?
Answer: crescendo 2 is the most advanced bendable bluetooth vibrator in the world. it is packed to the brim with the very best innovation to take you to the ultimate heights of pleasure. crescendo 2 has 6 motors along the length of its shaft, so there are multiple stimulation points throughout. all the motors can be programmed individually and controlled using the app so you can create a vibration pattern that is completely tailored to you. featuring usb charging, long battery runtime, speedy charging, smart app control, 100% showerproof and much more. crescendo 2 comes feature-rich and ready straight out of the box, all inclusive!crescendo 2 is a slim, ergonomically designed vibrator, making it the perfect vibrator for beginners and veterans. crescendo 2 is 1.6 inches wide and 1.8 inches tall at the widest point, and 8.6 inches long. at the narrow end crescendo 2 is 1.2 inches wide and 0.8 inches tall. in metric, this is 4.2cm x 4.5cm at the widest point and 22cm long, and 3cm x 2cm on the narrow end. crescendo 2 weighs 0.4 lbs or 0.18 kg

Question: what's in the crescendo 2 box?
Answer: crescendo 2 comes in a beautifully designed box with an instruction manual, a getting started guide and a usb wire.

Question: can crescendo 2 be used during sex?
Answer: yes, crescendo 2 is an incredibly versatile vibrator that can be used both externally or internally during sexual intercourse. you can check out the play page for more ideas on how to introduce and incorporate crescendo 2 into your sex life.

Question: what makes crescendo 2 unique?
Answer: crescendo 2 is unique in several ways and the most exciting being that owning crescendo 2 feels like owning infinite toys in one! due to its bendable design, its applications are endless. you can bend crescendo 2 into any shape that works for you or your partner, of which include:‘c’ shape - curved to stimulate the clitoris and g-spot at the same time‘s’ shape - to stimulate the g-spot while your partner performs oral sex‘j’ shape - to curve around the head of the penis for stimulation.

Question: what is the design inspiration behind crescendo 2
Answer: our relationship with sexuality starts with our fingers. they are our very first 'sex toy' and our introduction to pleasure. our fingers help us discover and stimulate our erogenous zones. that is why we designed crescendo 2 to create the ultimate finger that can be bent into any shape to reach, discover, and arouse the deepest parts of our bodies, parts we didn't know existed and achieve new heights of pleasure.

Question: is crescendo 2 a good first-time vibrator?
Answer: a lot of our customers tell us that crescendo 2 is their very first vibrator. we think it is the perfect vibrator for anyone looking to explore, discover and stimulate their body in new ways. as every body is unique, crescendo 2's bendability allows users to personalize their vibrator in ways traditional sex toys cannot. you never have to worry that crescendo 2 won’t be a good fit, which is why crescendo 2 makes the best vibrator gift for your partner.

Question: how do i charge my crescendo 2?
Answer: to charge crescendo 2, plug in the micro-usb wire into the port at the back of crescendo 2. you can connect the usb wire to any usb plug or computer for power. the light on the back of crescendo 2 will blink amber to indicate charging. when charging is complete this light will go a solid green colour.

Question: how long does the battery last?
Answer: crescendo 2 takes 1 hour to charge and lasts up to two hours depending on the vibe settings. the run time will increase with lower intensity vibration patterns.

Question: how can crescendo 2 be used on the g-spot and clitoris?
Answer: crescendo 2 makes an excellent g-spot and clitoral vibrator. you can bend crescendo 2 into a curved shape to precisely stimulate the g-spot with targeted vibrations. similarly, use the new and improved ears or raised wings for more powerful and concentrated clitoral stimulation. to stimulate the clitoris and g-spot at the same time you can bend crescendo 2 into a ‘c’ shape and arouse both areas equally. check out our play page for more ideas.

Question: how can crescendo 2 be used on the penis?
Answer: crescendo 2 makes an excellent vibrator for men. you can bend crescendo 2 into a 'j' shape and position it along the underside of your shaft and over the penis head, or you can bend it into an 'o' shape and run it up and down the length of your shaft with lots of water-based lube. check out our play page for more ideas.

Question: is crescendo 2 good for anal play / prostate massage?
Answer: many of our users enjoy anal play and prostate massage with crescendo 2. you can read a review about it here.

Question: what are the 'ears' (raised wings) on crescendo 2 for? do they vibrate?
Answer: on crescendo 2 there is one powerful vibration motor in between the two ears (raised wings), producing a more targeted stimulation. you can press the ears against your erogenous zones and explore different pressures to get different sensations.

Question: what do the buttons on crescendo 2 do?
Answer: you can control crescendo 2 without connecting to the app by using the buttons. use the arrow buttons to cycle through the vibes and use the + and - buttons to change the intensity. to turn crescendo 2 on / off press and hold the down arrow button for 2 seconds. to connect to the app, open the app and when it prompts you to connect with crescendo 2, press and hold the up arrow button for 2 seconds.

Question: what are your products made of?
Answer: all of our products are made from high quality, fda-registered, premium body-safe silicone.

Question: where can i find the serial number to register my warranty?
Answer: on crescendo 2, the serial number can be found on the side of the box- it will be a long number starting with mvc.

Question: what shapes can you bend crescendo 2 into?
Answer: crescendo 2's claim to fame is infinite toys in one. crescendo 2 can be bent into as many shapes as you want. simply bend it with your hand into an i, c, u, l, o, s and everything in between. you will find lots of exciting shapes and play ideas on our play page.

Question: can i use lube with crescendo 2?
Answer: absolutely. we always recommend using a water-based lubricant to get the most of your crescendo 2. crescendo 2 is not compatible with silicone-based lubricants.

Question: how do i restore factory settings on my device?
Answer: make sure the device you want to reset is connected to the app. on the mysteryvibe app, swipe down to the vibe store. tap on the gear at the top right and select 'restore factory settings'. this will replace the vibes you currently have on your device with the original, pre-loaded ones.

Question: how do i clean my crescendo 2?
Answer: we recommend cleaning crescendo 2 before first and after every use, either with soap and water or a specialised toy cleaner. you can safely run crescendo 2 under the tap but don’t completely submerge it in water as it may damage the product.

Question: my crescendo 2 won't turn on
Answer: your crescendo 2 may be stuck in boot mode, where it is unable to turn on correctly. to fix this, connect you crescendo 2 to usb power. let crescendo 2 charge for around 15 minutes, and then try turning it on. to prevent this from happening again, connect your crescendo 2 to the app and install the firmware update when it prompts you to. this is quite a large file so it will take around 10 minutes, but once you have successfully installed the new firmware then you shouldn't see this issue again. if the issue persists, please contact our support team at support@mysteryvibe.com.

Question: how do i lock / unlock my crescendo 2?
Answer: once you've found a vibe that you like, you can lock your crescendo 2 so that you don't accidentally change the setting during play. to do this, hold down both the + and - buttons at the same time for 4 seconds. your crescendo 2 will vibrate momentarily to indicate that it is now locked and then the buttons won't affect crescendo 2. the light on the bottom will double flash upon locking and then again every 10 seconds. to unlock crescendo 2, hold down the + and - buttons again for 4 seconds. if you are unsure whether your crescendo 2 is locked, simply put it on charge and it will automatically go back to normal operation.

Question: Can I trust these products ?
Answer: Trusted by 100,000 users worldwide. Lives changed. Intimacy improved.

Question: About us 
Answer: We created MysteryVibe to address one of our biggest personal challenges - keeping the ‘mystery’ in the bedroom, especially after major life events like childbirth, menopause, cancer treatment or surgery.
To make this happen, we combined our deep research & engineering expertise with leading doctors to create devices that address major sexual health issues such as erectile dysfunction, dryness & pain during intercourse. Our devices combine the best of humanity & technology to help people regain and revitalise their sexual health at every stage of their life.
To support this, we work closely with sexual health experts to be at the forefront of research & develop thought-leadership that act as catalysts for people to start those much-needed conversations to elevate their sexual wellbeing.
We continuously strive to make sexual health an integral part of our overall health. A world where everyone has the space, freedom, knowledge & power to elevate their sexual health & wellbeing.
Welcome to MysteryVibe.Vibratory stimulation a non-invasive, non-medicinal solution that can make it easier for many people to address or prevent a wide range of sexual health issues, such as erectile dysfunction or inability to orgasm. By increasing blood flow... to the affected area and changing the message carried by the nerves, targeted vibration can increase sexual responsiveness and pleasure while decreasing pain. Vibration is also an important component of many types of pelvic floor therapy to restore normal sexual function.


Question: How To Embrace And Enhance Your Sexual Experiences

Answer: Sexual intimacy is a deeply personal experience that can bring immense pleasure and fulfillment to our lives. However, it can also be a source of anxiety and uncertainty, particularly when it comes to vulnerability. Many of us struggle to open ourselves up to our partners, fearing rejection or judgment. But what if vulnerability could actually enhance our sexual experiences? In this article, we explore the power of vulnerability in the context of sexual intimacy. We will discuss the benefits of embracing vulnerability, provide tips on how to cultivate it, and explore ways to enhance our sexual experiences through openness and authenticity.  
Understanding vulnerability 
Vulnerability involves opening oneself up to the possibility of emotional or physical harm. It requires trust in oneself and in others. In the context of sexuality, vulnerability can mean exposing one's sexual desires, fears, and insecurities to a partner. This can be challenging, as it requires individuals to trust their partners with this sensitive information. However, embracing vulnerability can also lead to greater connection and intimacy with a partner. 
The benefits of vulnerability 
Embracing vulnerability in one's sexual experiences can lead to several benefits. Firstly, it can lead to greater connection and intimacy with a partner. When individuals share their vulnerabilities with each other, it creates a deeper bond and understanding. It also opens you up to more meaningful and fulfilling sexual experiences. 
Secondly, vulnerability can lead to greater sexual exploration and experimentation. When individuals feel safe and comfortable with their partners, they may be more willing to try new things and explore their sexuality. This can lead to new and exciting sexual experiences. 
Finally, vulnerability can lead to greater self-awareness and personal growth. When individuals confront their fears and insecurities, they can learn more about themselves and their desires. Resulting in a greater sense of self-confidence and self-acceptance. 
How to embrace vulnerability 
Embracing vulnerability in one's sexual experiences can be challenging. Here are some tips on how to do so: 
1. Build trust: Vulnerability requires trust. Building trust with a partner is essential for embracing vulnerability. This can involve open communication, honesty, and respect.
2. Start small: Embracing vulnerability doesn't have to mean sharing every intimate detail with a partner. Start small by sharing something small and gradually build up to more significant disclosures.
3. Be present: Embracing vulnerability requires being present in the moment. This means letting go of distractions and fully focusing on the experience at hand.
 4. Practice self-care: Vulnerability can be emotionally draining. Practicing self-care, such as taking time for oneself or engaging in activities that bring joy, can help individuals recharge and feel more prepared to embrace vulnerability.
Enhancing sexual experiences through vulnerability 
Embracing vulnerability can lead to enhanced sexual experiences. Here are some ways to enhance sexual experiences through vulnerability: 
1. Communicate: Vulnerability requires open communication. Communicating one's desires, fears, and insecurities with a partner can lead to more meaningful and fulfilling sexual experiences.
2. Try new things: Embracing vulnerability can lead to greater sexual exploration and experimentation. Trying new things and stepping out of one's comfort zone can lead to new and exciting sexual experiences.
3. Focus on pleasure: Embracing vulnerability can lead to a greater focus on pleasure. When individuals feel safe and comfortable with their partners, they may be more willing to explore their desires and focus on pleasure.
4. Embrace imperfection: Vulnerability involves embracing imperfection. Recognizing and accepting imperfection in oneself and one's partner can lead to greater self-acceptance and a more positive sexual experience.
Conclusion 
Embracing vulnerability in sexual experiences can lead to greater connection, intimacy, and personal growth. It requires trust, open communication, and a willingness to step out of one's comfort zone. Additionally, enhancing our sexual experiences through vulnerability can lead to a greater understanding of our own desires and needs. It's important to remember that vulnerability is never a sign of weakness but rather a strength that can actually lead to a more fulfilling and satisfying sexual life. By embracing vulnerability, individuals can enhance their sexual experiences and deepen their connections with their partners.

Question: The Ins And Outs Of The 69 Sex Position
Answer: Sexual exploration and experimentation are essential ingredients for a healthy sex life. While traditional sex positions like missionary and doggy-style have their place, it's always good to spice things up with new positions. One such position is the 69 sex position. This position can be both intimate and pleasurable for both partners, but it does require some skill and technique. In this article, we will explore the ins and outs of the 69 sex position, including how to do it, the benefits, and some tips and tricks to make it more enjoyable. 
Getting into the 69 position 
The 69 position involves simultaneous oral sex between partners, with one partner's genitals positioned over the other partner's face, while they reciprocate the act. To get into this position, both partners should lay on their sides facing each other, with their heads at opposite ends. From here, they can move closer until their genitals are positioned over each other's faces. Alternatively, one partner can lay on their back while the other straddles their face. 
Benefits of the 69 position 
One of the primary benefits of the 69 position is that it allows both partners to receive oral sex simultaneously. This can be a great way to create intimacy and pleasure for both partners. Additionally, it allows for more equal participation in sexual activity, as both partners are giving and receiving pleasure at the same time. 
Tips and tricks for the 69 position 
While the 69 position can be a great addition to any sexual repertoire, it does require some practice and technique to make it enjoyable. Here are some tips and tricks to help you get the most out of the 69 position: 
1. Communication is key
As with any sexual activity, communication is essential. Make sure to communicate with your partner about what feels good and what doesn't. 
2. Find a comfortable position
The 69 position can be uncomfortable if you're not in the right position. Experiment with different angles and positions to find what works best for you and your partner. 
3. Practice good hygiene
Oral sex requires good hygiene. Make sure to shower and clean your genitals before engaging in the 69 position. 
4. Use your hands
While oral sex is the primary focus of the 69 position, using your hands to stimulate your partner's genitals can enhance the experience. 
5. Take turns
While simultaneous oral sex is the goal of the 69 position, taking turns can keep things interesting and prolong the experience. 
6. Use sex toys
Incorporating sex toys into the 69 position can add another layer of pleasure and excitement. 
7. Don't forget about the rest of the body
While the genitals are the primary focus of the 69 position, don't forget about the rest of the body. Kissing and touching other erogenous zones can enhance the experience. 
Potential risks of the 69 position 
As with any sexual activity, there are potential risks associated with the 69 position. One of the primary risks is the transmission of sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Oral sex can transmit STIs such as herpes, gonorrhea, and chlamydia. To reduce the risk of STI transmission, partners should use barriers such as dental dams or condoms. 
Additionally, the 69 position can be uncomfortable or even dangerous for those with certain health conditions. People with neck or back problems, respiratory issues, or pregnant women should avoid this position. 
Conclusion 
The 69 sex position can be a fun and exciting way to explore your sexual desires with your partner. However, it's essential to communicate and practice good hygiene to make it a pleasurable experience for both partners. Taking turns, using sex toys, and exploring other erogenous zones can enhance the experience. Like any sexual activity, there are potential risks associated with the 69 position, so it's important to take precautions to reduce the risk of STI transmission. Overall, the 69 position can be a great addition to your sexual repertoire if done safely and consensually.

Question: A Beginner’s Guide To Testicle Play

Answer: Testicle play is often a neglected aspect of male sexual pleasure. However, the testicles are a highly sensitive erogenous zone that can enhance sexual experiences when stimulated. 
For those curious about incorporating testicle play into their sexual repertoire, this guide offers a starting point for beginners looking to explore this underrated area of pleasure. With a focus on communication, consent, and experimentation, you can enjoy a new level of intimacy and pleasure with your partner: 
1. Communication and consent
As with any sexual activity, communication and consent are crucial. Before engaging in testicle play with your partner, discuss your intentions and boundaries. Some people may be more sensitive or uncomfortable with the idea, while others may be eager to try it out. Ensure that both parties are on board and comfortable with the idea before proceeding. 
2. Getting started
Begin your foray into testicle play by exploring different sensations. Gently cup your partner's testicles in your hand and feel their weight and texture. Experiment with various pressures and motions, such as rolling the testicles between your fingers or gently squeezing them. Be sure to monitor your partner's reactions and adjust your actions accordingly. This exploration phase is key to understanding what your partner enjoys and what they may find uncomfortable. 
3. Temperature play
Temperature play can be an exciting way to stimulate the testicles and add a new dimension of pleasure. Try using a warmed massage oil or a cooling lubricant to heighten sensations. You can also experiment with items such as warmed towels or ice cubes. Always test the temperature on a less sensitive part of the body first, and be sure to communicate with your partner throughout the experience. 
4. Oral stimulation
Oral stimulation is not just for the penis. The testicles can also enjoy the sensations provided by a warm, wet mouth. Try taking one of the testicles into your mouth and gently suck or lick it, being careful not to apply too much pressure. You can also use your tongue to trace circles or lines on the scrotum or even hum gently while your mouth is around the testicle to create pleasurable vibrations. 
5. Adding sex toys
There are numerous toys available on the market that cater specifically to testicle stimulation. Cock rings with attached testicle straps or separators can provide a unique sensation and can also prolong erections. Ball stretchers are another option, which applies gentle pressure to the testicles and can make them more sensitive. Finally, vibrating toys, such as bullet vibrators or wand massagers, can also be used to stimulate the testicles during foreplay or intercourse. 
6. Safety considerations
While testicle play can be a pleasurable addition to your sexual activities, it is essential to practice safety and care. The testicles are delicate and can be injured if mishandled. Always start with gentle pressure and work your way up, being mindful of your partner's reactions and pain thresholds. Avoid sharp objects, extreme temperatures, or overly tight restraints to prevent injury. In the event of pain or discomfort, stop immediately and communicate with your partner to determine the best course of action. 
Conclusion 
Testicle play can open up a whole new world of pleasure for both partners. By incorporating these techniques and tips into your sexual routine, you can bring a new level of intimacy and enjoyment to your relationship. Remember to prioritize communication, consent, and safety above all else, and be open to experimenting and discovering new sensations together. Happy playing!

Question: Reviews ?
Answer: OUR REVIEWS
All our products are designed with a purpose.
They change lives and bring pleasure. They are raved about by users and experts in 65 countries.

Sam, GB

I love my new Tenuto, couldn't decide between this and something bigger, but all doubt was gone after after it arrived. Quality is superb, power, superb and love the way it bends to hit the right spots. The App is a dream to use too.

Wendy, GB

My PT recommended Crescendo and it’s a heaven-sent for me!

Harry, US

The Crescendo is amazing and worth every penny. It's a very personal thing to review but I've barely got through any of the different setting. I never last that long! On the practical side, it's easy to operate and clean. It also looks fabulous in a very posh box and it's ergonomic.

Ola, DE

Amazing product quality, it has been 3 years since the purchase, and each product works great and has not lost its quality! Perfect customer service, and great educational support! Ideal solutions for couples including (a universal approach for all gender users) Highly recommended!

Kate, GR

Amazing company and products! Love everything they do - plus, best customer service I’ve come across in years. Highly recommend.

Dan, GB

Incredible toy (crescendo), blows my old ones out of the water. Was a little reluctant and first due to the hype around 6 motors and being able to control individually, but once you get the hang of it, nothing else can touch it. I was so pleased I ordered a Tenuto too, will review that shortly. Customer service excellent too, respond to queries quickly and efficiently.

Gabbi, GB

Amazing products and really good customer service, have been buying from them since they launched Crescendo and they've never failed to deliver.

Helen, GB

Based on peer reviewed science and designed for everyone to use I’ve been in touch to understand the science behind mystery vibe’s product design. The founder sent across a few studies that the scientific community did, without the company paying for these studies. I was happy to see that the product was indeed designed to support people with different needs when it comes to their bodies and specific situation. This convinced me to add the company to my go-to list for sex health tech products.

Jax, GB

Simply amazing, I was given this gadget as a gift and I can honestly say it’s made a massive difference to my life and partners. We had a terrible sex life and this has simply turned it around, I’m easily aroused by her and no need to take any ED pills.

Chad, GB

This thing really did blow my mind. Life changing. Amazing tech this has given me a new lease of life. Well done team.

Karoline, US

Great fun - one of a kind sex toy! I bought a crescendo and have enjoyed discovering different ways to use it both solo and with my partner. Always a great time! Love that it is so versatile. A great way to add something fun and spice to the bedroom.

Kieran, GB

Satisfied in more ways than one, good quality item and swift delivery. Wife seems pleased to say the least.

Frank, USA

Thank you all for this revolutionary male toy! It is incredible. It really has helped in more ways than you can imagine - it's like I had a new penis replaced. You turned a 47 year old back into a 17 year old kid with testosterone flowing through his veins again.

Laura, USA

You will not be disappointed! Using Poco is like having an ultra-thick, dual motor-controlled finger pleasure you, that unlike most human fingers, won’t get tired. It’s pretty perfect.

Kate, USA

With this toy, you are really only limited by your own imagination. The low settings mean you can use it for hours without the irritation of overstimulation, and the gradually building intensities make it fabulous to bring your orgasm home. It really will heighten your uniquely personal pleasure exploration!

John, Kansas

It is working and I must say, it is working really well. I had a hysterectomy about 5 years ago and my doctor suggested it for blood circulation. It is perfect!

Ed, USA

Tenuto cured my age related delayed ejaculation. I purchased the Tenuto to help with a loss of sensation issue that is related to aging and being circumcised (delayed ejaculation). My urologist advised me to get a vibrator for the perineum to enhance sensation. The Tenuto has successfully enabled me to consistently climax once again.

Thomas, USA

My first impression of Tenuto is very positive. I've never used such a device before; I purchased Tenuto to see if it would help improve some minor men’s health concerns that I have and I think that I got way more than I expected. Domo arigato, Mr. Tenuto! And thanks to MysteryVibe for creating such a revolutionary product!

Gerry, USA

It's thin, which makes it not as invasive as some wider toys, and the length is perfect for my clients who want to work on deep vaginal healing and need something to target all areas. This is something I'd recommend to them for that especially.

Mel, Kansas

Overall, this is the best vibrator I have used for years and I am looking forward to exploring it further. This sex toy delivered the most intense orgasm I have had with a sex toy. It was incredible and to be honest, it took me completely by surprise. I wasn’t expecting results like this.

Claudia, USA

There are so many times when we wish we had a discreet, compact, powerful vibrator tucked away in the bedside drawer to play with, forget about the world and reach new levels of euphoria. That’s exactly what I got from the poco vibrator! The best pocket vibrator in the market by far!

Man of Many, USA

This thing feels good and I mean goooooood. It was as if my entire groin area was ensconced in a shell of tingling warmth. Not only was my orgasm better, but the effect lingered long afterwards. My groin and taint bathed in the remnants of climax, the tingles receding in steady waves as they trickled down to my toes.

Dr. Rubin, Washington D.C.

For the 75% of vagina owners who have reported experiencing discomfort during sex at least once, Crescendo could improve your experience in the bedroom.

Marisa, New York

Since the Crescendo is bendable, users are able to shape it to hit all the right nooks and crannies, essentially ridding themselves of the tension that can cause pain.

